hey whats up guys its cares here and
today you're about to watch my first
killcam ever in advanced warfare now
this is the thing I hit this last night
so obviously this is like two days
before the release of the game I know it
was the best shot in the world you guys
are gonna criticize me for it I'm fine
with that honestly if you guys have
feedback definitely but down below but I
didn't have fast hands or anything like
that yet you guys can see my level at
the end of the round I wasn't a high
enough level to get fast hands but this
is my second game on trickshotting and I
freaking hit it i'm so happy right now
they'd like i'm so happy i was actually
a skype call when I hit this I was like
just laughing around with my friends and
stuff and I don't know where I fucking
hit this I was so so excited I really
wanted to show this to you guys i hope
you do enjoy the video if you do people
like you know if you don't like the shot
then that's fine i'm ok with that a
hundred percent and i'm gonna try to hit
another shot but i don't know if that'll
ever happen guys like this game seems
super super hard head shot there's some
high standards but either way i really
do like trickshotting it's a lot of fun
guys it really is if you guys have not
trick shot in this game yet you
definitely to get it and tricks on it
it's very very fun but that's it for the
video to you guys or actually you guys
are better watch the video but that's it
for the commentary and i hope you guys
do enjoy the trick shot I'll see you
later peace
oh oh my god no yes dude fuck yeah I
actually fucking hit it holy shit it's
literally my second game on this is my
second game online fuck dude this is
sick damn i think i'm gonna put this in
video i don't know if i will enough but
if you guys did enjoyed leave a like I
really does mean a lot it's only like
the first couple days events war first
I'm sorry if you guys didn't think that
was that good but I'll see you later and
I actually check out the other two
videos on the screen if you guys haven't
seen them yet I don't know what the
other two videos will be but I'll see
you guys later peace